[#5254] Add documentation for the `Family members` prefill plugin (#5323)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/prefill/family_members.rst

.. _configuration_prefill_family_members:

==============
Family members
==============

The **Family members** prefill plugin stores data records for partners and children based
on a person's BSN. These records can be used to pre-fill (user defined) form variables 
if a set of specific variables is configured accordingly.

Currently, we support only `Haal Centraal BRP bevragen API`_ (v2) and `StUF-BG`_ (version 3.1).

.. note::

>    The service likely contains sensitive data. It is required to use authentication on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The service contains sensitive/personally identifiable information. It is required to use authentication on
```

#. Select the source which will be used to retrieve the data.
#. Click **Save**.
#. The prefill configuration is ready.

How it works
============

As mentioned above, the Family members pre-fill plugin works in two ways according to the
source that has been selected. For both sources the user has to follow the same steps in
order to configure/enable the plugin.

In order to enable the plugin you need to complete the configuration above. Next step is
to define two separate **user defined** form variables:

  * The first one is the variable that we call `immutable` since this is not intended for 
    modifications/updates. This is used for configuring the plugin and holding the retrieved
    data. It should not be modified because it's used as a prototype for the initial data
    we get from the selected service.

  * A second variable is needed in order to be able to hold the same data, but in the same
    time we want to be able to modify it (for example with a logic rule) during the submission.
    This variable should always be of data type ``array``, since what we save in it is an
    array of persons (always). 

.. note::
   

>    You can see the configuration of these two variables in detail in the :doc:`Family members form guide <../../manual/forms/examples/family_members_prefill>`

Reviewer: can you use the ref label instead of a relative path?

```rst
:ref:`Family members form guide <ref_label>`
```

As a conclusion, you always need two variables for storing data for the partners and two

> variables for the children. You can configure a form that handles both the parters and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variables for the children. You can configure a form that handles both the partners and 
```
